It's important for you to know the rules governing cybersecurity,
since you'll be in a position where you'll have to make sure
you and your organizations are following those rules.
In this lesson, we'll talk about influential organizations that develop and maintain
the standards used by companies worldwide to defend data, computers, and networks.
There are organizations responsible for setting
the standards in the US and internationally.
There are also once the focus on specific areas.
In the United States,
that organization is the National Institute of Standards and Technology,
also known as NIST.
The International Organization for Standards, or ISO,
works with the International Electrotechnical Commission,
or IEC, to set worldwide technology standards.
There are also governing bodies that set the rules for specific areas.
For example, the Payment Card Industry, or PCI,
has their data security standards that are required for
any businesses accepting or handling credit card data.
Why do we need these rules?
First, it's for safety,
to make sure technology doesn't cause problems for people or other technologies.
For example, you may have seen
the UL symbol on light bulbs or other electrical appliances,
underwriter's laboratory is sanctioned to make sure anything plugged into
an electrical socket doesn't cause problems: like a fire or a short.
In IT and cybersecurity,
we also have standard bodies like the ones I just mentioned.
For the same reason to make sure anything plugged
into a network doesn't cause problems for other devices on the network.
We also have these standards to make sure technology plays well together.
If everyone talked to different language,
we'd have a difficult time understanding each other.
Same with technology.
To allow technology interconnectivity.
It's also to make sure everyone is playing by the same rules.
This is known as compliance.
Organizations often have auditors checking to make sure the rules are being followed.
Lastly, and possibly most importantly, it's for efficiency.
If you know the rules and have a playbook to follow them,
then it's easier, faster,
and cheaper for you to implement technology.
Knowing the rules and how they can be implemented helps
you anticipate what's needed for cybersecurity.
You can help your organization prepare for audits.
It's like knowing the answers on a class's final exam on the first day of class.
You'll know the questions the auditors will be
asking before they ever get a chance to ask them.
You can help your organization be proactive with its cybersecurity,
which also reduces its risks,
saving time, and money.